 # Overview
- Hundreds of years ago, the area where we start this story was controlled by The Empire of the Trinity. Nowadays we also know it as the Empire of the Old Gods. It was a theocracy, with the Triumvirate at the wheel: the heads of church of the three gods in the Pantheon. These gods are Cynon, God of Death; Eripnes, God of Life; and Praditaea, God of Rebirth. All aspects of life were guided by the principles, customs and rules imposed by the Triumvirate, and watched over by the Crusaders of the Pantheon. 
- As the enforcers of the Gods, these crusaders were the police and army of The Empire. The batallions of these Holy Forces were lead by the first sons and daughters of the aristocracy.
- Not much is known about how or why it happened, but at a certain point the leader of the Crusaders, Athelios, plotted against the Triumvirate, in what is now known as The Great Usurpation. He had each three of the church leaders captured and imprisoned, outlawing all worship of the Old Gods and imposing a new divine leadership, with him at the head as the self proclaimed God-King. He ruled with iron fist, and brought a reign of terror upon the empire. Imperialistic and without remorse, he conquered most of this continent. But his ambitions were never satisfied, and he decided to reach for the heavens. He killed the imprisoned archbishops in a sadistic ritual meant to sever the connection of the Gods with this mortal realm and claim their power as his own. However, his plan was foiled by something he did not anticipate. In a selfless act, Praditaea, the God of Rebirth, sacrificed herself to negate the ritual and protect the other two Gods. With her, the magic of rebirth and resurrection was also lost.
- Struck by the anger of the remaining Gods, Athelios was killed and sealed away. After The Great Usurpation, The Old Gods, now disgusted by mortal life and its lowly ambitions, struck down the Empire. Houses, buildings, areas and even cities were banished from this plane, together with everyone in it at that time. Nothing could get in, nothing could get out. The gods then decided to leave the remaining inhabitants of the continent to the whims of the universe, no longer intervening.
- Over time, most of the empire was forgotten. Most of the people who could read and write were banished, so there was almost no one of the Empire left to record what had been lost. Hints of these old remnants of the empire were recorded in the annals of neighbouring countries and various tribes that escaped the influence of the emperor and his armies, but most are no longer remembered.
- Nowadays, this continent is ruled by mostly smaller kingdoms. Learning from the mistakes of their ancestors, most of these kingdoms are no longer ruled by churches. People are still weary to give too much power to the priests and followers of the New Pantheon.
- In the recent years, seals are weakening, locations are being uncovered. Not all at once, but all over the place and all over time and definitely not in the place they originally disappeared from. Some deep into the forest or out into a mountain range, one rumoured at the bottom of a lake. Some even inside cities and villages, with panic and occasionally even disastrous events to follow. Most of these locations just appear to be abandoned ruins of the Empire of the Old Pantheon, with some locations containing valuable trinkets. The bigger locations, like the cities, have either not appeared or are still left to be uncovered.
- However, not everything trapped inside perished in these years of imprisonment. Magical anomalies, Old constructs and Clanks, and also monsters have been emerging from these unsealed locations. **WHAT RUMOURS HAVE YOU HEARD ABOUT EVENTS, LOCATIONS, MONSTERS OR OTHER THREATS? HAVE YOU HEARD ANYTHING ABOUT ANCIENT KNOWLEDGE OR TREASURE?**
- As they have started appearing all over the place, different societies have given them different names **WHAT DOES YOUR COMMUNITY CALL THEM?**
- We start our story in a relatively small city at the outskirts of the kingdom next to the wilderness. A lot of adventurers pass through here to find their fortune in the mostly unknown lands beyond the borders of the kingdom. **WHY ARE YOU HERE?**
# Communities
- **Highborne & Orderborne:** As part of a society that takes part of kingdoms that distrust any godly worship, where do you stand in this mentality? Does your community hold any special beliefs or rules, and do you hold them as well?
- **Loreborne:** There are some loreborne communities of archaeologists and historians that specialize in the time period before, during and after The Great Usurpation. What does your community focus on? Did you set out with a specific mystery to learn about?
- **Wanderborne:** As part of a wandering community, you might have encountered some of these unsealed locations before. What were they, and what did you learn from them?
# Ancestries
- **Clank:** either related to Old Empire (stone, magically created) or the new world order (metal, machinery)
- **Elves:** very old ones might have been alive at the time of the Great Usurpation, however too old to adventure. You might have family that can tell some tales about the Old Empire though.
- **Fungril:** As the tendrils of the fungril networks extend throughout the continent and have done so for eternity, you might have an affinity for finding unsealed locations. Your elders will for sure know some locations that have vanished.
- **Infernis:** very rare, you'd be sure to attract some attention; especially from the Churches of the Old Gods as they see you as ancient enemies that potentially corrupted the God-King and his Crusaders.
# Classes
- Splendor users
	- As the Old Pantheon revoked their direct influence on this world, worshippers are rare as they also lost their magical connection. However, some fractions kept on worshipping them and recently, Splendor users have started to turn up with powers linked to the God of Life & God of Death.
	- Splendor users of the God of Life & Death will be potentially more deeply connected to the story. You would have no link with the organisational aspect of your church, but you might know some people. Whether you revoke or embrace the respective Church, this might lead to complications for you and/or your party.
	- Of course also the possibility to worship one of the New Gods.
- Magic users
	- The unsealing of the Reawakened Locations has made people less trusting of magic users, as if it's the collective fault of all magic wielders. Be ready to face some conflicts or consequences.
# Additional questions
- Think of how the unsealing of the locations matters to you. Were you impacted personally? Are you perhaps interested, either in the magical aspects, the archaeological, or the fortune you might find? Curious about who or what was trapped inside when the sealing happened?
- Think of how you view worshippers of the gods, old and new. Do you worship yourself?